Gravityer-L1

What is the issue if mysql log file of 50GB is full in VM & we deleted the file. The new file is created but the 50GB space is not cleared in VM even after deletion. What is the reason?
How to run the ansible playbooks in each server one by one of 10 servers?
What is private subnet & public subnet & difference?
Where is Terraform statefile stored?
Experience in managing the Linux servers

Global Logic-L1
	
Tell me about yourself
Explain loadbalancers in k8s
Explain k8s architecture
Explain the terraform modules & use cases
Tell me about docker scaling
Tell me about Kubernetes monitoring
Tell me experience about prometheus & Graphana
Tell me about Jenkins - Kubernetes Configuration
Tell me about stages of jenkins pipeline
Any experience in shell scripting?
Experience with AWS services
Command to stop docker container
Git stash command usage
Git Cherry pick usage


Globant-L1

Tell me about yourself
Day to day activites & tracking?
Stages of the pipeline, explain
What is the application you managed in your organization? is it microservices?
What is the branching strategies in your project?
What is merge conflict? When it happens?
Have you worked on bitbucket? 
What is the master -slave configurations? 
Tell me steps where the agent configuration is done in jenkins console?
How will you store the secrets in the devops tools?
Tell me the jenkins secrets how you add?
How is sonarqube connection done with jenkins & explain for maven & nexus repo as well
Explain maven lifecyle
Where does the maven files located?
Types of repositories in maven
What is poll scm vs the webhooks?
Which is good trigger is good for the pipeline?
Have you created the helm chart?
Write a dockerfile to run a nginx as container (https://codeshare.io)
Explain Docker networks
What are components of k8s
What is kube proxy
What to use when you want to deploy in particular node.
How does the scheduling of pods happen in kubernetes?
what are some errors of kubernetes you solved?
What is the flow of pod creation after commands 
How do you expose the apps in cluster
Tell me flow on what happens in the background of a cluster
What is the static pod vs the normal pod

LTIMindtree-L1

What are stages in pipeline
Tell me the real errors that you faced in kubernetes
What are the shared libraries when you used & why you use?
What is the project environments that you managed?
What is your SCM & branching strategies you used
Build tool experience? Maven or gradle?
Tell me maven lifecycle
What does the pom.xml has & settings.xml has?
What does MVN clean install do & MVN install?
How is the code quality testing done?
How is the nexus artifacts stored & how is it deleted?
How is the sonarqube configuration & threshold configured?
How is the sensitive data used in kubernetes?
When are vault used in devops project?
How is the encryption & decryption done in kubernetes?
Write a jenkins pipeline syntax
Write shell script to get the failure logs alone from the log file


Techment-L1

Tell me about yourself
Jenkins pipeline, tell me the stages you wrote
How is the DB configured in the kubernetes & tell me the activites you did in Kubernetes cluster
How do you bring the logs to store where you want? Tell me the ELK Configuration you did
What is the use of filebeat
Have you write the alert rules in prometheus?
Do you know about metric beat?



Mphasis-L1

Tell me about yourself 
Day to day activities
How to solve merge conflict issues
Experience with AWS services
Explain terraform statefile management
Explain Ansible handlers
How is the kubernetes ingress & ingress controllers does
What is the tomcat folder to store the war files
What are the docker networks
How is kubernetes monitoring done?
How is the ELK stack configured
Explain jenkins triggers
Explain Jenkins stages you write in pipeline


L2-Mphasis

Explain the activities you are doing in your previous 2 roles
How will you manage issues & conflicts with the developers 
Explain about your Certifications on AWS
Interviewer explained about the requirements of their new project
Explain about your project architecture & your roles
Explain about the Terraform activities that you did
Explain about the ansible activities that you did
Explain about the AWS Services you have used

ValueLabs-L1
 
Stages involved in the pipeline
How does the jenkins communicate with the kubernetes?
Is it declarative pipeline or the groovy pipeline?
How do you troubleshoot the issue in kubernetes?
Did you ever use splunk? Do you have any idea? & Datadog?
Tell me other monitoring tools you worked on?
Have you ever used tomcat? & SSL configuration?
How is it configured & what is the folder that stores the war files?
Tell me the branching strategy you used in your project?
What is the git command you use to move from one branch to another branch? 
What are the scripts you have written in your role?
What are the database you worked on?
What is the port number of the mysql database?
What are the things you do in Docker?
How do you manage the server? What did you do for server management?
Tell me the storage you used?
What are the VPC components that are present?
What are the terraform script you have written? Tell me a scenario you used?
What if the PVC deleted? Does the data save after deletion? Explain reclaim policies.
Explain ingress & ingress controller.
Why do you want to change the company now?
 
Epsilon-L1
 
Tell me about your past experience
Why is AWS Cloudfront used?
Which one is more user friendly? Terraform or Ansible? & economical & costwise?
If you have 30 servers, how will you manage? Terraform or ansible?
Difference between docker & kubernetes?
If using docker, can you stop the containers? Tell me commands
Do we option that if container has issue, can we restart it?
Tell me what ELK configuration you did
If you have html page, you need to host it in ec2. Domain name you give, how will you allow access to it.
What is the API gateway & server errors
is it okay to bypass gateway?
How does the load balancer works, if you have 10 servers. How does it load splits?
If 2 servers go down, how does it know that traffic won't go to that servers?
What is lambda & what does it do?
What is concurrency in lambda
How does the terraform help in managing the multiple clouds?
How you feel jenkins is easier compared to other
Is it easy to migrate from bamboo to Jenkins? Can we do it?
What is CIDRs block?
 
Sourcefuse-L1
 
Tell me about yourself
python or shell scripting knowledge
Write simple shell script to reverse a string
What are requests & limits in kubernetes
What to do if pod doesn't start, what to do?
tell me 5 shell command used to troubleshoot
How docker & kubernetes are related to each other?
How prometheus collects the data from EKS
Tell me other exporters that you used for prometheus

Trianz-L1


When is rebase used? & when is merge used?
Experience in EKS?
Docker image, have you written?
To deploy an application, image pull error how will you resolve?
How do you monitor pods
List some metrics used to monitor
Supporting production or build phasE?
Tell stages of pipeline you wrote
If threshold of code coverage, how do you set?
If sonarqube stages fails, what could you be the issue?
How is the statefile managed in terraform?
When is ansible used & what are things did you do?
Explain terraform taint when it is used?
What do you know about terraform plan?
How do you solve the lock in terraform?
Will you be able to learn new skills in our project?


Valuelabs-L2

give me brief about your role
What are the projects you supports?
Any experience on banking or finance or insurance domains?
What are the DBs you have worked?
In application server, what are the thing you worked on tomcat?
Knowledge on security area, like SSL?
ArgoCD, what have to done?
Explain code quality testing in sonarqube, how do you configure?
Experience on openshift?
networking experience?
Import of data to database have you do?
windows or linux servers, what have you worked on?
Experience in python?
Handling of networks & firewall?
Agile delivery model any idea?
Security tools you have experience on?
 

Virtusa-L1

Tell me about yourself
How to encrypt ebs volume once it is attached to ec2 inside the server
What is difference between static pod & daemonset?
what happens if apiserver goes down, can you schedule in the worker nodes?
What is k8s architecture
If the pod runs in k8s with a docker image with entrypoint, can it be overrided?
How to transfer 2TB data from S3 bucket to another bucket?
Explain services in the kubernetes cluster

Globant-L2

Tell me about yourself
Explain pipeline stages in your project
Explain the sonarqube configuration & Code coverage
Explain the AWS services
Explanation about project you worked on

Wipro-L1

Tell me about tools you worked on
Difference between rsync and scp
Tell me crontab command to update every 3 minutes
Explain kubernetes components
Use of PV & PVCs
Tell me a dockerfile instructions of a how to run jar file
How 3 tier application is configured in AWS?
Explain k8s components
Tell me automation shell scripts you worked on
what does -f flag mean in tar command
