ENCORA-L2
```
Explain the projects you have worked on in your experience?
Explain the NAT Gateway usage?
What does stateful firewall mean?
What is cloudTrail is used for in AWS?
What is SQS service used for?
Write a simple dockerfile for python based application
Why did you use different stages in your dockerfile
What is the difference between entrypoint & CMD
Do you know equivalent to these in Kubernetes? 
Difference between CLUSTERIP & NODEPORT service?
What is a daemonset resource?
What is a statefulset controller?
What are annotations in Kubernetes?
How can you autoscale a cluster?
What is a data block in terraform?
What is the difference between variables and locals in terraform?
Why do you implement locking mechanism to your state files
Command to see who have logged in users in linux machine
Difference between soft link & hardlink
Command to check free ram
What is the concept of swap space ?
What is the significance of /etc/fstab ?
What is the UID of root user in linux?
```
Visionet-L1
```
EXplain the roles & responsibilities handled.
How did you configure the ELK stack?
Do you know Python for automation part
Scenario: We created an ec2 instance & forgot to check the encryption for EBS volumes. Later how can I encrypt this existing data in the eBS?
In a load balancer if you get 502 errors ,what will be your approach?
Explain the components of VPC 
Instance in private subnet wants to communicate with S3 bucket w/o NAT gateway?How can it be done
Suppose I have a domain in GOdaddy , how to route traffic from other domain to AWS then how can I do it?
Different types of storage classes in s3 buckets
How will you automate the triggering CI process & after CI process you need to trigger the CD process in groovy script ?
What do you mean by shared libraries?How do you configure it with your pipelines?
Suppose you need to skip a particular maven goals what would be the command
Suppose you have to move files from one slave to another slave in Jenkins , what can be done?
What are the necessary roles that have to be attached to worker node groups during EKS cluster?
What is the role of VPC CNI?
Scenario: I need to obtain the latest AMIs in 2 regions & create 2 instances in 2 regions through the same config file in terraform? How to do it?
Scenario: I need to provision a server & install jenkins in those. Give me the blocks which you use to achieve this & retrieve the public ip of jenkins server
What will you do to set up a Highly available & scalable 3 tier application? Just explain the AWS resources which you use
Script: Print the numbers from 1 to 50 & for each of the multiples of 5 it should print Hi & each of the multiples of 7 it should print “hello”
Suppose i need to take input from the keyboard, what changes will you make in the script
If provided an opportunity will you be able to create python scripts?
```
EZinformatics–L1

Introduce yourself and as a SRE what is your responsibility
Have you used EMR?
Explain what a VPC is?
Explain diff between public subnet & private subnet
Will you provision DynamoDb in public or private subnet?Why?
What about S3 bucket? Will it be placed inside public or private subnet?
How can an instance in private subnet to access S3 bucket?
What is cold start in AWS lamda? How can you avoid it?
When you provision EKS cluster , how to ensure high availability ?
Can you explain what a disaster recovery is?
What exactly a disaster is?
Explain the difference between high availability & disaster recovery
What is partition key in Dynamodb table?
Do you know what global databases are?
Explain the steps to deploy java code from repository in EKS cluster

Nuvento–L1

Introduce yourself, roles & responsibilities & daily activities
How will you connect an application to a database in different account & as well as to S3 bucket in different account
Explain how would you setup a Endpoints & then Transit gateway
Have you worked on Lambda functions? How can i trigger Lambda function
How to know the reasons for LAMBDA function timeout?
One team has deleted a table in RDS , how can I restore that table?
Have you worked on API Gateway
How can I access my application through domain name rather than IP addresses?
IN ASG i have max size is 5 & desired is 3 , now i want a new instance to pop up with a new AMI ,so i terminated one instance but a new instance is not popping up?Why?
What is sticky session in load balancers
Why will I get a 404 error for some requests while accessing the app behind load balancers?
What terraform version are you using
How to import resources through terraform
How can I deploy an app to a particular node in EKS?
How can I access S3 buckets through the cluster?
What is the difference between roles & playbooks?
How to establish connection with remote servers for ansible
Through cloudwatch how can you send alerts to email if an ACCESS or SECRET key gets deleted by someone?

Innominds-L1

Brief yourself , roles & daily activities
What is the recent issue you have solved in your project
How will get notified that a particular microservice is not working
What Git stash will do?
Explain the workflow of terraform pipeline
Where is your jenkins hosted?In which environment
How are your AWS accounts segregated?
Difference between init containers & side car containers with use case
Are you using INgress and service mesh
Can you explain the network traffic accessing your application as an end user?
What is Deployment, Daemonset & Statefulset controllers
What are the scaling policies for deployment you used?
How will you create a service account in cluster & provide access to various AWS services within your account
How do you expose the objects to the public in S3 buckets in a secure manner?
Why exposing the objects publicly is not a best practice?
Difference between pipeline, freestyle, multibranch pipeline
Difference between CMD & ENTRYPOINT
Have you worked on Cost optimization
Can you explain helm charts & whats the use?
Give me the command to deploy application using helm chart

Talentica–L1

Introduce yourself
What work or role did you perform in TCS as it is your career start?
Were you doing only Ci-CD jobs in TCS for 3 years?
What is the role now in the present company?
Give an overview of your application architecture in AWS cloud.
Explain to me how Ingress controllers work?
Have you written the YAML files for Ingress resource
Consider you have been given 20 microservices to deploy to an EKS cluster . Give your thoughts on how you will do it?
Explain how you will create a helm?
What are CRDs in Kubernetes?
Explain to me the Kubernetes architecture?
How do you do capacity planning? What is the size of your EKS cluster
When cluster autoscaler scale the nodes where do you specify the number how much to scale?
What is PV and PVC in kubernetes?
How do you provision these infra in AWS cloud

7-Eleven–L2

Introduce yourself, roles & responsibilities
What exactly was your role in TCS? Explain me tasks which you have performed over there
How to expand the VPC?
How can you segregate the public & pvt subnet?
Regarding s3, I am trying to access it from an instance but no use? How to trouble-shoot. Any thoughts 
What do we define in the security groups?
What are Endpoints?
How many types of Load balancers?What are the difference
Why does it not support RPS like NLB? 
What is cross zone load balancing in ALB?
What are different security services you are aware of ?
How will you secure a 3 tier arch in AWS? What services do you use ?
Different ways to connect terraform with AWS?
Anything that you want to share an achievement in your organization.
Why is ARGOCD most famous for?
Why do you want to leave your company
Describe yourself!!!
Who provides work to you?Are there any junior people?
If junior people come to you for technical clarity & you dont know about it. How will you respond?



DishNetwork–L1

Introduce yourself & tools you have worked on.
For what application you have built docker images.
What have you provisioned using Terraform?
Have you done any migration ?
What is the depend_on use case in Terraform?
What is the use case of count? How is it different from for_each ?
Tell me different types of provisioners. What are their use cases?
Can you tell me the modules? What is the use?
For example i have code in git repo , how can i call it inside main.tf files?
What would you do to call these modules if they are present locally?
Difference between Cloud Formation & terraform?
Have you worked on Cloud Formation?
You have created a VPC using cloud formation. Now you need some changes/upgrades to make to that VPC through terraform. How can you do it?
Explain VPC architecture & its components.
Have you worked on AWS Lambda? What are the diff languages?
Which version of Python have you used in AWS Lambda?

o9solutions–L2

Explain the roles & responsibilities you have managed in your experience.
If i give a new AWS account how will host your app using AWS services
How many subnets will you create inside VPC?
Will you attach a NAT gateway to db instances in a private subnet?
How will you plan the governance of your AWS account
What is the trust relationship inside the roles ?
How do you set up cross account access in AWS?
Can i use a single load balancer to divert the traffic to 10 microservices in the backend
What is lifecycle policies for S3 buckets?How can we configure
I want a database instance in a private subnet to access some files in S3 bucket. What are the ways to achieve this?
Can you run each of the stages in pipelines on different servers?
What exactly is dynamic slaves in Jenkins? How to configure it?
Explain basic CI pipelines & CD pipelines
What does the terraform init command do?
How will you manage the state files?
What is the use of lock ?
For some reason someone modified the resource created through terraform in the console, how can you bring those changes into a terraform managed statefile?
How will you organize your terraform config files to deploy 3 tier application in AWS
How will you segregate these config files ? will all these go in a single pipeline
Have you used error handling in Ansible?
What are Ansible handlers?
What kind of configuration do you use in ELK to push the logs?
What is the function of ELASTIC search here?
Have you worked on any security services? Which deals with application security?
Can you give me high level architecture of the EKS cluster & how your application is running.
How are you isolating the microservices inside your cluster? Using NodePort ?
In docker what is the difference between COPY & ADD.
Difference between ARG & ENV 
Networking in docker , explain.
Have you worked on dynamic inventory? What is dynamic inventory?
How does Ansible fetch the instances?
How can you group these servers to run playbooks in batches?

Talentica-L2
Let me know your educational background & brief work history
In TCS which domain did you exactly work for?
What was your role? Size of team including all environments
In Sasken how many projects you worked on?
Explain the project which you are currently working on?
How many members in your team right now including all the dev & testing included.
Is there any lead in the team? Are you the senior person in the group?
How do you rate yourself within the team?
Why did you resign ? What was the motivation?
What is your current designation?
What would be the next role Sasken would be assigned after the next promotion.
Why is HTTPS better than HTTP?
What type of attacks will it prevent?
Consider your web application is hosted in Tomcat Server. Someone kills the tomcat process on the server. As an end user of an application what would be the outcome?
Who will send those 404 Errors?
Such notification should get alerts to the Operation team /monitoring team, how can you do that?
Now your application is sending 404 errors, it's not down but now you need to have alerts specifically for this? How can you do this?
Can you write a PromQL expression for this configuring error rate?
What is the scale of servers inside the EKS for your application?
What is the size of the cluster?
What is the difference between Series & Tseries instances
Is your application memory intensive & CPU intensive
Typically on a single node how many micro services do you run?
Why are companies in Bangalore not in your preferences?
Why do you want remote work?
What kind of Databases that you have monitored or managed in your company?
Why do you people deploy in Multi AZ architecture?
Are you not using CloudFront?Why?
Where do you see yourself down the line in 4 yrs?

Nuvento-L2

Write a dockerfile for java using Multi stage build
What is the significance of multi stage builds?
In this multistage way how further can you reduce the size of the image?
Difference between jdk & jre
What will be the size of the image ?
What is alpine? If not alpine which distros by default?
Suppose if you miss EXPOSE instruction what would be the result
In terms of security what optimization can be done within Dockerfile.
Command to build a docker image
How are you providing version to the docker image
Write a shell script to pull the artifact Id from pom.xml & use it as an image version.
Did you create the standardized pipeline
Why are you using Prometheus & Grafana for metrics & ELK for logs?
Can only one tool be used for both?
How to dynamically get the ids of EC2 instances so that it can used to stop instances using Lambda functions?
Why didn't you administer the Kubernetes Cluster?
What is the process of enabling RBAC in kubernetes?
What are the components of RBAC
Explain me the service types in K8s
How will the traffic from users enter into the kubernetes cluster? Explain each & every stage of network packet transfer


7-Eleven–L3

Introduce yourself
What are the tools you have experience in
How did you solve any production issues?
How were you monitoring your cluster?
In TCS what was your role?
Why are you leaving your company now?

Galaxe–L1

Introduce yourself
Did you work on any Linux services in on-prem
Can you explain about Git cherry pick
For the managing releases how are you managing the hierarchy
In Jenkins, how are you connecting to servers to perform each stage?What are diff stages?
Do you know how to maintain the Nexus repo?How to clean the old artifacts in the Nexus Repo?
How do you maintain Credentials in Jenkins
How are you maintaining jenkinsfile?
How do you maintain multiple java versions?
How are you managing yaml files to deploy microservices? How will load balancers come into the picture?
What is the role of VPC in the EKS cluster?
Within the cluster how to provide access to s3 bucket & RDS ?
How do you maintain backups of databases?
In what capacity have you used AWS Lambda?
How are the volumes managed inside the EKS cluster?
Where have you used bash scripts?


Innominds–L2

Explain Briefly about yourself & tech stack
How many services are there in K8s cluster
I want only frontend service not to access database service & backend services to access database pods ? How to achieve this
Have you used terraform only for AWS? How was your provision?
In modules if you don't write output blocks, what will happen?
What are the plugins you used in Jenkins
Did you upgrade any k8s cluster
What was your deployment strategy in the cluster


