NTT Data-L1

Tell me about yourself
What are shell scripts you have written in your project
Tell the difference between daemonset & statefulo set
What domain client you were working for?
What AWS & Azure certifications you did?
What are SDLC process you worked in?
Tells about the client needs for hiring
What is ITIL functions
Needs scripting skills as well


Amadeus-L1

Complex shell scripting you worked on
Complex issue that you worked on in your project
Ansible roles what and all you did
Terraform modules what and all you had created & did the work on
What did you do with hel charts
Explain about the prometheus monitoring what you did
Did you create graphana dashboards
How the eks security was configured?
What did you do with the ArgoCD
How is the pipeline configured & what are the scripting you did
Where is the file located of the jenkins
Automation work you did explain some of them
Experience of the operations part in your project
What is the toughest part you ever worked on in your career
Will you be able to learn something new if you join us? 

Intelliswift-L1

Tell me tools you worked on
Explain ELK stack
Immediate joinee ?
Last date of previous organization?

Innovasolutions-L1

In project any issue you faced? Any hotfixes?
AWS services that you worked on?
Types of the EC2 types in AWS
Tell me common use cases in jenkins that you do?
what is Declarative syntax 
What are some of environment variables you used in jenkins
What is container orchestration
What are the major issues you had in EKS & what did you learn
have you worked on sonar integration?
How do you use docker containers via jenkins pipeline?
Have you ever setup the multi-branch pipeline 
Any post build actions that you can configure in jenkins?
In AWS, How auto scaling works?
How can system monitoring be setup in AWS?
Tell me AWS services that are not region specific? 
Have you worked on cloudwatch with EC2 instances to bring up the server?
Tell me seccurity features you worked on


Zensar-L1

Explain the kubernetes components
Explain terraform ec2 instance block & steps to do in terraform from start
Tell me terraform lifecycle
Tell me about how to secure Kubernetes & Security challenges
Did you ever do RCA for any issue?
how did you configure the prometheus with the Graphana
How does the prometheus collect the information from EKS
Did you work on splunk?
how experienced are you with Python & any scripting
Do you have any offers?
Are you still working or ready to join?
Explain the errors logs that you worked in kubernetes
Difference between deployment & statefulset controller
Did you work on helm charts? & explain a bit
Explain PV vs PVCs
what does the HPA do in Kubernetes?
Explains about the role in the organization of Zensar & tech stack that I will work on

Brillio-L1

Git pull vs git fetch
what is rebase
docker cmd vs entry point
Can CMD and Entry point be used in a same docker file?
In kubernetes issue, what will you do if crashloop occurs?
use of readiness probe for investigation
When will the container not ready issue come?
When the deploy is min 3 - max 30, if HPA also exceeds and on what basis HPA works? When will it scale.
Define metrics server 
If application is deployed & some issues is there. how will you debug & solve the issue?
Exposure to microservices? What is it?
Advantage of having microservices?
what is k8s components
Have you worked with openshift?
What does ArgoCD does?
What is purpose of using Helm chart?
How the build & artifactory creation is done? Tell process
How is the authentication ECR to EKS happen?


Brillio-L2-Client Round

Give me a short brief intro
What are the kubernetes objects you worked on
Tell me the monitoring tools you worked on
How is the logging performed in your project?
Tell me the kubernetes errors that you resolved in your project?

