Trigent-L1

Explain k8s architecture?
Explain what happens in the background when we hit any k8s command?
Explain about networking plugins in k8s?
What is the desired state and current state in k8s?
Pod affinity?
Explain taints in k8s?
Write manifest file for nginx pod creation (both deployment and service)?
Have you created any ingress resource? How and explain ingress mechanism?
Explain RBAC?
Write a manifest file for RBAC?
Write a dockerfile for a java based application?
Suppose u create a pipeline in such a way that developers commit new changes so jenkins should start build automatically how u configure this scenario?  
What do you configure in  jenkins to start building at a specific time?
Explain workflow of terraform?
Suppose you create a vm in cloud . How do you combine that vm in a state file using terraform?
Types of provisioners we have in terraform?
If the state file is locked if anyone hits the terraform command, what will happen to that statefile?

Altimetrik-L1

Explain how to increase and decrease size of ebs volume
How mongodb schema work
Command to create mangodb table
How to increase max value for rds database
Have u worked on api gateway, ecs, cloudfront, cognito, 
How u integrate virus scanning tool to s3 bucket
How u create mongodb schema
Explain prune in docker
How you persist data in container
Command to delete all container in docker server
How to integrate multiple java versions in jenkins pipeline
Liveness probe in k8s with scenario
Explain taints and toleration in k8s
Which is the default tainted node in k8s
Explain resource quota and where this resource quota can be implement
What type of databases you have worked on
Write terraform script to create security group 
Provisioners in terraform
Explain different data types in terraform
Explain role in ansible
What is handler and how u call it in playbook
Give example scenario on what types of shell script you have written
Single command to take backup of entire database
Suppose I want my container to run a cloudwatch log group at every 12 min in a day? How do you solve this?

First american-L1

Can you explain your build and deploy strategy
Scenario - there is 2 node one is linux and one is window, can you run both node in pipeline
Diff between microservices and monolithic
On what basis do you recreate infra in terraform? How does that deployment strategy work?
When 2 developers are trying to deploy to the same environment, what will be the end result?
How do you refer to modules in terraform?
How do you provide environment variables in terraform?
Diff between security groups and NACL?
When do you choose an application load balancer?
When do you choose a network load balancer?
Is it possible to create subdomains in two cross accounts?
If you are receiving a 503 error for application? What are the troubleshooting steps?
Where do windows logs get accumulated?
What monitoring tools are you familiar with?



First american-L2

In your organisation how you managed eks cluster
How do you create a fresh cluster for 3 tier architecture in terms of security, deployment,database in k8s environment?
How do you create a fresh cluster for 3 tier architecture in terms of security, deployment,database in aws ec2 instances?
Which database are you using in your project?
How are you going to create services for 3 tier architecture?
Where do you store data in k8s if the pod gets deleted?
How do you create custom ami?
How do you automate the creation of ami?
Explain helm?



Ushur-L1

How do you provision EKS clusters?
How to achieve communication between the containers inside k8s with aws services?
Suppose we have a volume we want that volume to be used by 2 different applications running in two different namespaces, how do you achieve this?
Suppose you want to give only read only access to two developers ? how do you achieve this?
Suppose we have a jump machine to connect to 10 clusters, multiple people are using the same jump machine to connect to clusters, say like if 2 people are working with 2 different clusters using the same jump machine with the same config file? How will you achieve this?
Write sample jenkins pipeline?
How do you deploy custom values through the helm in the pipeline?
If helm upgrade is not happening ? how do you debug it?
What is the timeout of helm commands?
Have you worked with hooks in the helm?
Write terraform code to create ec2 instances and create a security group “hello world” and attach that to the ec2 instances?
I have a private hosted zone, I want that record which was created in that zone should be accessible from vpc? How do you achieve this?
Write sample ansible playbook?
Write a dockerfile to update the package and install aws-cli?



Trontor-L1

How do you autoscale your cluster in terms of cpu usage?
How do you troubleshoot if any pod fails to restart?
How do you control access to developers in a cluster?
What is the importance of etcd?
How do you expose your application to the outside world without using load balancers?
What is the uscase of terraform init?
How do you achieve integration between terraform and cloud formation?
What are the importances of taint in terraform?
How do you recover a lost state file which does not have any backend store?
What is statelocking?
Explain your cicd steps?
What is an agent in cicd?
What are the difficulties you faced in jenkins?
How to control access to the UK for a website hosted in S3 and along with cloudfront?
Where can you use ALB and NLB?
Diff bet git merge and git rebase?



Persistent-L1

Write a dockerfile with entrypoint and cmd instructions?
Write commands to build images and push images ?
What is -it in docker commands?
Diff bet cmd and entrypoint?
Command to run image and publish ports also mount persistent volume in single command?
Explain k8s architecture?
Explain services in k8s?
Explain ingress?
How you deployed application, explain from scratch?
Can you write a simple manifest file where you specify ram cpu?
What is rancher and harbour?



Trontor-L2

What are all things you consider to create a CICD pipeline?
What are agents in jenkins?
How do you maintain plugins?
Can you explain terraform configuration?
Write terraform script for vpc, subnet, rt,igw creation?
Write terraform script for ec2 instances?
How do you deploy an application with EKS?
What is elasticsearch?
What database does elasticsearch use?
How can you forward logs from k8s to logstash?
Write a shell script to find log files which contain keyword cpu_usage?
How do you reduce the size of docker image ?what steps you can consider?
How do you scale up and scale down in k8s cluster?
What is a load balancer? Types of load balancer?
What is ALB?
How do you configure sonarqube with jenkins?
What kind of metrics you monitor in prometheus and what kind of alarms you set?


Persistent-L2

Explain CI?
What all things you have to make sure while defining dockerfile?
How do you maintain secrets inside dockerfile?
How do you hardcode?
How do you ensure the base image is out of vulnerability ,, how do you ensure?
Explain your CD part?
What kind of deployment environment you configured and how?
About rancher and harbour?



Ushur-L2

Explain the cicd pipeline, which you have written?
Any challenges you faced in configuration management tools?
What are some security best practices you followed in devops?
Any problem or troubleshooting you managed in your application?
If an application is experiencing downtime, how would you handle situation detection and resolution, what steps do you take?
If your application needs to scale in increased traffic,,,how would you approach this?
How would you handle communication in a high pressure situation?
Explain controllers in k8s?
What's the rollback strategy you used?
Have you deployed any redis using a stateful controller?
How do you control master slave configuration in stateful?
What are ordinals in statefulset?
How do pods get IP addresses?
Have you heard about iptables in k8s?
Can you explain storage drivers in k8s?
Any best practices you followed in writing dockerfile?
What is UFS in docker?
Lets say a module written in terraform which is spinning up sequel infra ,,the port of sequel should be 1433,,and one developer enters 1533 while calling a module,,how would you avoid that in terraform?
What are the best practices you followed to manage the statefile?
How did you work on migrating state files?
What are the DR strategies you know?
What is the meaning of RTO AND RPO?

