Global breezy-L1

Write your cicd?
How snyk or trivy work? How do you decide if a build is a failure ?
Write dockerfile to ping google.com 10 times and exit ?
Write commands to build dockerfile?
Write a terraform script to create EKS cluster?
How do you assign roles to microservices or pods or service accounts?
Oidc provider?
How do service accounts map to specific iam?
What types of scripts have you written?
Have you upgrade eks cluster?



Saviynt-L1

What kind of shell script you wrote?
Explain how your day starts and ends?
Can you tell me the process of creating ec2-instance?
How userdata helps to create instances?
How will you give access to one developer for your instances?
If I don't want to give root permission to the developer.. How will you give access to developers?
How does auto scaling work with desired, max,min?
What is the use of a sticky session?
Can we add multiple ebs to single instances?
Can we attach a single volume to multiple instances?
Can we be able to create one bucket named ‘abc’ in one region and another bucket with the same name in different regions, is this possible?
Can you name some global services in aws?
I deleted some data in s3. How can we retrieve it?
Can you define how vpc components can be defined?
How many default vpc can we create in one region?
Diff between sg and nacl?
In nacl i have created the 1st rule as allow ssh and 2nd as deny ssh. Which will take first?
If you want high availability. What services do you use in aws?
Where do you use cloudtrail?
Let's say i have created a user having s3 access,and i add that user to the group. If that user permission got changed or not?
Diff between ebs and efs?
How to fix the exceeded error while creating ec2-instances?
What is the purpose of ssh in sg?
How do you assign a static ip for a public subnet?
Diff bet git and github?
Git commands?
What is the purpose of creating branches in github?
What is a merge conflict and how to resolve that?
What is an image?
Where does the docker volume be stored?#path?
How do you delete a running container?
Why do we need particular namespaces to deploy pods?
Is pods stuck in init state or container creating state. What could be the issue? How do you troubleshoot it?
What is corden in k8s?
Command to display pods and ip addresses?
Diff bet pv and pvc?
Command to login to any pod?
What are configmaps?
Explain helm chart structure and also define?
What is a terraform state file?
Benefits of using terraform?
What is jenkin and how will it be used?
How you will interact with customer?


CSG-L1

Print 1 to 100 numbers. If number is divisible by both 2 and 3, then it should not print the number, instead it should print CSG
Write any python script you written
Questions related to SQL?


Saviynt-L2

What iam role will help to connect to session manager in ec2-instances?
Diff between iam user and role?
What u assign for s3 to access some other service. What will you assign for that?
Explain briefy how you manage network for instances?
Which service helps to check any activities in aws?
What are service can be used configure alarms based upon threshold?
How do u block specific ip in aws ?
What is connection refused error ?
How do you create eks cluster?
What is the use of ALB?
In which layer NLB work?
Where you have set retention period?
Explain s3 lifecycle policy?
Command to create pod?
Explain any maifest file?
Command to delete pod for specific namespace?
Command to get all pods in cluster?
Explain what are the reasons behind the pod getting failure?
Csi driver?
I have 2 worker node and i have 2 pods. I want to run 2 pods in each nodes. Which type of file system you used?
I have 2 worker node and i have 2 pods. I want to run 2 pods in each nodes. Which type of file system you used in terms of EKS?
Configmaps?
Suppose i have database credentials how you store it in k8s and how you make utilize for pods?
How you expose application?
What are the things you create in background for ingress controller?
What annotations you configured in ingress resource?
Diff between ingress and load balancer?
When you are using ingress controller it will be using one of aws service. Which one you will use. Where you mention that?
What will happen in background when you hit kubectl apply command?
When you are running replicas 2 i want to edit replicas to 10 ? What method did you followed?
Which component helps to pod to pod communication?
What is the function of kubeproxy?
What is the relationship between services and deployment?
Which command you run to check if any pod is in pending state. How would you troubleshoot that?
How you manage terraform backend?
Can we store backend in diff aws services ? if yes y and if no y?
How do you authenticate authorization in terraform?
I want to rebuild infra which command i should use?
Explain taints and tolerations in k8s?
What is use of for_each?
Suppose you create ec2_instance in t2.medium i want to change it to t2.micro? How you change it?
What are handlers in anisble?
What difference is there for creating ec2_instance in terraform and ansible?
Suppose you run pipeline after one week there is a bug in application ? how do you troubleshoot?
I have a pipeline i have 5 stages it should run sequentially how you do that?
Diff between canary and bluegreen? Advantages and disadvantages?
What are upstream and downstream in jenkins?

Wipro-L1

How to install ELK?
Have you write any filtering in logstash?
Have you written anything watcher?
Explain elasticsearch concept. How does it works in the backend?
Can we use elastic in grafana?
How to integrate it in grafana?
Do you know what is stard and replica?
What will you mention in creating ec2 using terraform?
How do you provide access to other user using terraform?
Have yu write any kms configuration using terraform?
What work you have done in ELK?
Which version of kibana you are using currently?
What is the major version you are using it in kibana?
What is the component of ELK?


Grid dynamics-L1

Use curl to download and make that output as dev null and get status of the command?
Write a dockerfile from scratch using node:18 as base image?
How do you connect to the mongodb container from the above container?
How do you create a network in docker?
How do you secure your network between containers to not expose you to the outside world?
Write groovy script to build image and push to ECR?


Innominds-L1

Daily using linux command?
Diff between add user and user add?
What is awk command used for?
Storages types in aws?
Diff storage classes in s3?
On what criteria storage classes classified?
Types of ec2-instances in terms of praise based?
What type of instances you have used?
Have you used spot instances?
What is the purpose of vpc?
What is the ip of default vpc?
Why we need to create custom vpc in aws? What is the purpose of that?
What is the min and max cidr we can give for a vpc?
What is cidr?
What is nat-gateway?
Is there any alternative service for natgatway?
If we want to log file to s3 from ec2 ? what need to be done? How the communication will happen?
Why we need role?
What is the command to create docker image?
Command to create docker container?
Best practices to take care while writing dockerfile?
If you want to reduce the size of docker image. What needs to be done?
Can you explain what dockerfile includes?
Diff between copy and add?
Diff bet CMD and entry point?
Suppose docker image is large size what is the impact of that?
Can you write dockerfile without entrypoint and CMD?
What is the control plane?
What is kube scheduler
What is the default run time for k8s?
What is docker runtime?
Why we need deamonset?
If my ngnix application is running on a pod. We want to access it from browser. How you achieve this?
Write service yaml file?
Write tolerations under spec?
What is affinity and anti-affinity?
What is tolerations?
What are the effects of taints?
What is target port?
Is there any gurantee that tolerated pod must be deployed on tainted node?
What is the purpose of modules?
What is workspaces?
If we lost statefile how can you get back that statefile?


Ushur-L3

Explain one problem solved in recent days?
How do you use jenkins?
How do you measure the status of jobs in jenkins?
How do you review your code in jenkins?
How do you do eks upgradation?
How do you take backup?
Have you faced any problem during upgarde?
Do you keep the application during upgradation?
How does pv works in stateful set data?
What is your backup strategy?
Suppose a file contains thousands of names. I want to remove duplicates how will you do that?
How do you execute something on remote host from jenkins?
Who will give the work for you?
What are planned and unplanned work?
Why you are switching?



Blazeclan-L1

What kind of services you provisioned in terraform?
Have you provisioned eks on terraform?
Explain your k8s architecture for your project?
How do you do the access control in k8s?

C-metric-L2

How do you maintain high availability and fault tolerance in terms of aws?
How you maintain high availability for rds database?
What is desired size in autoscaling?
If there is any memory outage in container while executing pipeline. How you can handle this?
Command to build docker image?
What is the blue-green deployment?
Have you worked any microservice project in serverless?
Have you created dashboard in prometheus?
What type of dashboard you created?



Innominds-L2

How do you identify if a container is crashed in ec2_instance?
Where can you find application logs?
How does argocd identify changes?
Why do you need to use terraform instead of ansible?
Why do we need a statefile?
What happens when we run the same state file multiple times?
What happens when we run playbooks multiple times?
What is idempotent?
You created any dashboard?
How are you getting data in prometheus?
How do you monitor user activity in prometheus?


Blazeclan-L2

What commands do you use to deploy microservice to eks cluster
How did jenkin associate with eks
Why do you need to specify the namespace in jenkins secrets
How do you deploy service with specific environment (command)
How do you pass database values to helm name?
How do you attach database to deployment file?
How do you modify a any value in all manifest files?
Explain how the pod gets connected to s3. How is the authentication works?
Diff between cluster auto scaler and HPA?
What configuration you need to do for HPA and cluster auto scaler in eks?
What is the criteria for HPA?
How HPA and cluster autoscaler knows to scale with respect to eks and aws services?
What is statefile?
Where did you run terraform ?
How did the terraform authenticate with aws environment?
Have you created long term or short term credentials
How did you lock statefile?
What happens if it not locked?
Where did you store application secrets?
How do you give access to any developer?
What happens when eks cluster deleted?
How you can take backup of eks cluster?
K8s architecture?
How do you take any database backup?

