
Trianz-L2

1.Introduction
2.Is it possible to attach a load balancer to private subnet? IF possible what and all configurations need to be done?
3.Difference between ALB and NLB?
4.If application in instance is not reachable what you will do?
5.How to pass status check log to cloud watch?
6.What things you monitor in logs
7.How to get quick alert of logs, if logs are very huge , we can’t monitor continuously, how to get automatic alerts
8. What is difference between metric and log?
9.What is formate of logs
10. Difference between policy structure of bucket policy and IAM policy?
11. How to create access to ec2 to s3?
12. What is the specific name of Role that u attach to ec2?Is it just called Role or any specific name is there?
13.Is it compulsory to have bucket policy to provide access to s3 from ec2?
14. Have you used Terraform and Cloud formation?
15. Explain about your recent challenges  that you faced and solved it? 

Material+-L2

1.Introduction
2.how DNS works in k8s? Let me ask a scenario on Networking trouble shooting
3.if Core DNS is not working, it takes time to trouble shoot it, What u will do to serve traffic 
4.in EKS cluster If instance gets created in different region while doing upgradation, It happens with AWS many times, what You will do ? What happens with Ebs because they can’t connect to instance in different region
5.How networking is established between Dynamo DB and pod? Iam not asking about authentication method.
6.Tell me a scenario where you have done automation task which has reduced a 6 hr of manual work
7.For stateful set what happenes with respect to pvc, why we choose statefulset over stateless even though its complicated to host DB.

Mphasis-L2

1.Introduction?
2.How to solve CreashLoopBackOffError in k8s?
3.Have you created alerts? Using which tool?
4.Have you created alarms with grafana?
5.Have you written PromQl queries?
6.Have you worked with creating and deploying images end-end?
7.have you created terraform scripts?
8.Do you have experience with Python?
9.Explain your Branching strategy
10.have you created Multibranch pipeline?
11.How to customise helm and reuse existing helm templates?
12. Whats the difference between pod and container?
13. Can a pod have multiple container? Why cant we have ?
14.What the use of initContainer? Why u used it?

Innominds-L2

1.Introduction?
2.How to trouble shoot if developers is not able to access application?But devops team is able to access
3.What inputs are required before creating an instance?
4.How jenkins authentication is done ?
5.How to create EKS cluster from scratch?
6.how to push image to ECR ? what are steps need to be followed?
7.What are different types of storages available in Aws
8.what monitoring you have done ?
9.Have you written any jenkins plugins or just used existing plugins?
10.Difference between On-demand, Reserved instance, spot instance

Accolite-L1

1.Introduction?
2.How to establish connection between ec2 in different accounts?
3.Whats difference between deployment and statefullset?
4.If master node in statefulset dies what name it gets?
5.how statefulset store data? Why they are called statefullsets?
6. If master pod dies then what happens with write request? Can it wait?If there is a java application which is submitted a data and another page is displaying the data, what this page will display if master is not ready to take write request?
7. Why we need to create separate Pv for every pod?
8.How to attach policy to 1000 of eks cluster?
9.do you know python? 
10. Write a python code to swap 2 numbers

O9solutions-L1

1.Introduction?
2.what is Pv , how to create it?
3.write yaml for pv, pvc, deployment?
4.Write a yaml file for deployment?
5.write a declarative pipeline?
6.What is jenkinsFile? 
7.How to add users to jenkins?
8.How to take backup of jenkins?
9. How to establish connection with github and jenkins?
10.Where do you store credentials in jenkins?
11.How to create agents in jenkins?
12.What is VPC?
13.What is jenkins?
14.What is k8s?
15.What is use of load balancer in k8s?
16.List services which are not region specific/
17.What is region and availability zone?

IBM-L1

1.Introduction?
2.how to check disk space?
3.explain the entire flow from creating docker to deployment?
4. How jenkins is able to communicate with k8s
5.What are diff types of probes?
6.can we have multiple container in pod? What is use of init container?
7.How ingress is able to create ALb automatically?
8.How EBS is able to create volumes automatically?
9.How to give access to configuration data to applications?
10.What is use of name space?
11.If 2 pods are in different name space has to communicate with each other what we need to do?
12. What is grace period in k8s?
13. What is restart policy ?
14.If Container needs time to start and shutdown gracefully what we need to do?
15. What is use of lambda?
16. How to configure Lambda to run for 20 min function?
17. What is concurrency model in lambda?
18.how lambda is able to automatically run code ?
19.In case we need to fetch image from other platforms what need to be done?
20.use of module?
21.If I want a terraform resource to be running but it shouldn't be managed by terraform from now, what we need to do?
22. Write a script to print count of files ending with -test in S3 bucket?
23. Wite a script to print ec2 instances that are in pending state?Assume the list of ec2 instances you are getting in array formate
24. Write terraform code to create 10 s3 bucket by calling a pre existing s3 module
25.Differnce type of services available/
26.if i want to access a pod with node port service which ip address i need to select from worker nodes?



Encora-L1

1.Introduction?
2.Explain challenge you faced, issue , how you got it, how to fix it, 
3.If Infrastructure goes down what precautions you will take to rectify the issue and what plans you will make to rectify it in future?
4.How you will create a script to customize its execution based on requirements
5.Write a python program to customize creation of terraform scripts to create resources based on values
6.Write a python script to customize Ansible module to perform execution and reuse existing playbook 
7.How to configure Ci-Cd with gitOps principles?IF company wants to migrate to gitops

First American-L1

1.Introduction
2.What is use of jenkinsfile?
3.If i lost a private key and need to access the instance what is the solution
4.explain your jenkins file?
5.Difference between declarative pipeline and scripted pipeline
6. How to store credentials in jenkins?
7. Without down time how to upgrade application in ec2-instance
8.What you check if application is showing 503 server error
9. What is the difference between load balancers that you have used?
10.what is difference between Availability zone and data center?
11. Give list of services that are not region specific

Nomiso-L1

1.Introduction?
2.How to restrict image access in ECR to a particular environment?
3.Difference between cmd and run?
4.A system should not breach particular threshold how you will do it with respect to observability tools?
5.If any breach of SLA’s happens in Aws how you will set it up?
6.Write a terraform code to deploy a 2 tier architecture lets say nodejs and backend

IBM-L2

1.Introduction?
2.Explain your recent project architecture?
3.What was your project?
4.How many pods? What are the names of pods?
5.have you used SQS service?
6.When data has to be written to database from multiple pods will it not cause problem?
7.Git Stash, git rebase?
8.Write and Explain you jenkins pipeline?
9.Can stages run parallely?
10.Can steps run parallely?
11.Have you created pipeline other than deployment?
12.Networking command that you have used?
13.What TCP dumb do?
14.what is use of df -Th?
15. Difference between df -Th and du -h
16. Write a ec2 instance terraform script?
17.If application is not accessible what you will do?
18.In ansible have you used sync and poll?

First American-L2

1.Introduction
2.How you will achieve high availability, scalability, security to cluster?
3.Using single terraform code how to create same resources in 100 AWS accounts?
4.How you will achieve high availability, scalability, security to applications with 3 tier application?
5.If we want to upgrade instance without down time how you will do?
6.Which update strategy you are following?

